# MouseTrapped
My Twine Game for IASC-1P04 2020
## Overview
Mouse Trapped is a short Twine Game where the player takes control of a mouse living inside of a house. The mouse’s goal is to collect enough food to survive the winter months while avoiding both mouse traps and the people who live in the house. The idea behind the game is that sometimes life comes down to survival of the fittest, and this especially rings true for wild animals and species lower on the food chain. This idea is communicated through the MTDA+N elements, but more specifically emergent narrative and the aesthetics. Player decisions can either put the mouse in danger of being trapped or caught, or bring the mouse closer to finding food. Each room will be shown from the mouse’s perspective to help the player immerse themself, as well as make the obstacles the player will face seem even more threatening in comparison to the mouse’s small stature. The interpreted part of this narrative is that the mouse is living inside of a family’s house and is stealing their food in order to survive winter - this fact is never outright stated or shown to the player, but environmental clues will be present in order to hint at the fact that the humans the player sees are members of a family. By using game mechanics such as collecting food and choosing which rooms to enter, players will begin to build dynamic situations for themselves as a result of exploration, choosing what food to collect, and figuring out how to escape to safety from threats. Having obstacles that are present no matter which path that is taken as the player does what they can to survive and collect food strongly represents that life can sometimes come down to survival of the fittest. The mouse must do what it can to steal food and avoid any traps and humans it comes across, while also being able to safely make its way back to its home afterwards. The MTDA+N elements of Mouse Trapped help to further enforce this idea behind the game.
## Prototype
The prototype can be played here.
